WORKING
Saving for retirement
Eating reasonably well
Going to the gym regularly
Getting along with family
Have a stable secure job
Showing up at work on time
Getting more enjoyment from life
Can be disciplined
Mentally/physically well (in a manner of speaking)
Dress pretty well
Decent at golf
Co-workers like me okay
Likely to own a home
Drink less than I used to
Can pretty do what I want when I want
Have been advancing in recent years, instead of barely holding on
Continuing to reorient career
Mostly responsible in my life
Keep things pretty clean and organized
Pay attention to my intuition
Trust myself
Some innovation on the job
More confident than I used to be
More comfortable with women
Not traveling excessively
Do have the feeling that my path will eventually be revealed to me
Broadly made the right choices to get to where I am
Have been lucky at the right times
Was able to stop going to strip club
Sometimes hang out with Jenny

NOTWORKING
In student loan debt
Need to eat more fruits and vegetables
At a dead-end job
Don't have enough friends
Lacking back-up funds
Putting myself in some credit card debt
Not enough saved for retirement
No girlfriend
Need more growth/challenge career-wise
Lacking fit/connectedness in life
Not meeting new people
Putting too many miles on leased car
Sometimes drink and drive
Getting older, not in my 20s anymore
Credit limit is low
Not seeing a clear path for my future/not sure where I want to end up
Being too conventional with my life
Need some new hobbies
Not reading enough
Need to consistently meditate
Too serious, could be more upbeat
Need more daily joy instead of just daily grind
Need to be more confident
Not always present with myself
Sense of humor seems to be a bit dulled lately
Don't smile much
Abs have diminished
Not sure how to resolve some of these listed issues
Would like to be more successful all-around, have a taste of fame

KEYquestions:
Where do I want to end up?
How can I mix things up/disrupt my life for the better?
How can I make some more friends?
Why do I not have the answers that I need about my life?  
Why don't I have certainty on my life's direction?

thisWKND
I'm not going to try to fit in, or wedge myself into some preconceived personality to get along with these guys.  I am going to be myself.  And that 
means freewheeling, spontaneous, joyful, enthusiastic, connected with whatever and whomever at the right  time and place.  The past is dead, the 
present is alive!  And that is where I want to be, in the present, because that is where aliveness exists.

WHEREdoIwant2B?
Here, I may be focusing too much on things, since they're easier to measure.  But I'm thinking that may be the wrong idea - the wrong idea because 
if I can create myself in the way that I want to (which is within my power), then the 'things' will naturally flow towards me.  So perhaps my goals 
are the wrong ones.  I should be concentrating on connecting with the attitudes and behaviors that are uniquely mine, and let the things come and go,
as they have always done and will always do. I do spend mental energy on trying to 'fix' what is wrong.  There certainly is a time and a place for 
fixing, but connecting with the present could possibly be more beneficial - in fact, I think that it will be beneficial.  Why?  Because nature does 
not need to be fixed, it needs to simply be as it is.  And that is how I must live my life and connect with my true nature... simply be with it as 
it is.

Problems will come and go, will be resolved and will not be resolved; not really exist, or require immediate attention.  The problems are likely 
oftentimes created when I go against my nature, nature itself, or the natural flow of things.

So what is the real problem - the only one that really matters?  I think that it may be this:  How do I connect with my one true self at all times?  
And then make that connection valid in reality?

Spend the mental energy on connecting, not on fixing!
Make choices that are congruent with my true self!
Base decisions on the congruency between my true nature, the situation and the option!

Therefore, my key task at this point in my life is to truly connect with my true nature.  Tough to measure the progress towards this goal, but I 
think that I will know it when I reach it, and also know the moments along the journey which lead to achieving this connection.

Not what I WANT
Not what I NEED
Instead, what IS!

I'm always looking for the big thing, asking myself in an aggressive manner how to achieve, but... how about just connecting with the flow, tapping 
into the present, and perhaps accessing my deeper consciousness?

2013BigSTUFF
New skill data analysis; continuing to reorient career
Buy a home
Two week vacation in Europe

WHAT DO I REALLY WANT?
More friends
Abs
Girlfriend
Better career prospects/growth
More savings
More money
Family
Fit - connectedness with others
Handle drinking appropriately
Lighten up some, have more fun, be less serious
Smile more
More activity
