My thoughts are a jumble right now....

Monday Night Football
Visit Atlanta
Recruiting thing tomorrow night
Match.com
MikeD in town
Bardo, his plans
Weight-training / running - starting tomorrow
Wallet
Discipline
My career/new job
Spending habits
Ace overcharging me

It's time to be disciplined, stick to my values, be responsible.   I am making last week a turning point.  I feel like I have said this before, but I 
always fall back - why?  Am I getting better?  I need to grow up, I want to grow up.  I want to be settled and get on with my life.

Feeling a little more evened out now.  I actually remembered all of my receipts, it seems.

I do feel different today.  Might be the Adderall, but I think that it's more than that.  

Managing day to day life/budgeting
Job/career - need to get this sorted out first
Women/marriage/family - need this second
Enjoyment - fourth
Fitness

Everything counts

1 - Excitement
2 - Disillusionment
3 - Negativity
4 - Acceptance, moving forward with strength

Excuse for not picking up parents:
UM v. MSU party


What to tell Stephanie, What to tell Jennifer:
Met a girl at a trade show recently, hit it off, then decided this is not going to work, so I broke it off when I was down there.

Major f-ups lately:

Getting hammered at trade show
Losing wallet in San Diego
Missing Iowa tailgate
Missing dinner yesterday
Missing meeting this morning
Showing up late for work
Not texting back Jennifer

What is going on?  I don't want to be making these mistakes, and to certain extent, I didn't consciously choose them, but I still made them - why?

Laziness?
Lack of structure?

What can I do to make sure this doesn't happen again?

Need to get on a schedule, get structure
Limit drinking - 2 max per day
Get in gym regularly
Get more stuff on schedule
Get into work on time

Hee-Jin:

Now that I am a I want to humbly apologize for missing our scheduled meeting this morning.  A person only gets one chance to put his best foot forward, and I am
disappointed in myself that I did not do so.
